refactor(curriculum): asynchronous quiz (#58509)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-asynchronous-javascript/66edd630f7666cfa54b404d0.md

#### --text--

What is a thread?

#### --distractors--

A function used to retrieve data from the server. 

---

A program that executes JavaScript code in a web browser.

---

> A special type of function that is is passed as an argument to another function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A special type of function that is passed as an argument to another function.
```

#### --text--

> Which of the following API's is used to provide a way for websites to request the user's location?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which of the following APIs is used to provide a way for websites to request the user's location?
```

#### --distractors--

Locator API

---

Geo API

---

Locate API

#### --answer--

Geolocation API

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following attributes downloads the script asynchronously but defers the execution of the script until after the HTML document has been fully parsed?

Reviewer 2: Can we avoid using defer in the question?

```suggestion
Which of the following attributes downloads the script asynchronously but waits for the HTML document to be fully parsed before running the script?
```

#### --distractors--

`asyncDefer`

---

`deferred`

---

`deferring`

#### --answer--

`defer`

### --question--

#### --text--

What will the following code return? 

```js
fetch('https://api.example.com/data')
```

#### --distractors--

An error saying that the data is corrupted.

---

> An error saying the data cannot be fetched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error saying that the data cannot be fetched.
```

#### --text--

Which of the following methods is used to delete resources on the server?

#### --distractors--

`REMOVING`

---

`REMOVE`

---

`DELETING`

#### --answer--

`DELETE`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is the correct way to create a promise?

#### --distractors--

```js
const promise = get Promise((resolve, reject) => {
  setTimeout(() => {
    resolve('Data received successfully');
  }, 2000);
});
```

---

```js
const promise = set Promise((resolve, reject) => {
  setTimeout(() => {
    resolve('Data received successfully');
  }, 2000);
});
```

---

```js
const promise = put Promise((resolve, reject) => {
  setTimeout(() => {
    resolve('Data received successfully');
  }, 2000);
});
```

#### --answer--

```js
const promise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
  setTimeout(() => {
    resolve('Data received successfully');
  }, 2000);
});
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following attributes tells the browser to download the script file asynchronously while continuing to parse the HTML document?

#### --distractors--

`resolve`

---

`catch`

---

`put`

#### --answer--

`async`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which method of the Geolocation API is used to get the current position of the device?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which method of the Geolocation API is used to get the current position of a device?
```

#### --text--

Which of the following API's is used to provide a way for websites to request the user's location?

#### --distractors--

Locator API

---

Geo API

---

Locate API

#### --answer--

Geolocation API

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following attributes downloads the script asynchronously but defers the execution of the script until after the HTML document has been fully parsed?

#### --distractors--

`asyncDefer`

---

`deferred`

---

`deferring`

#### --answer--

`defer`

### --question--

#### --text--

What will the following code return? 

```js
fetch('https://api.example.com/data')

>   .then(response => response.json())
>   .then(data => console.log(data))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Could maybe delete these? The first part does what the answer says. But it's fine as-is too, I think it's clear enough what is being asked.
